6/17/25, 5:43 PM Mountain View High School - Our School
MOUNTAIN VIEW HIGH SCHOOL OVERVIEW
MOUNTAIN VIEW HIGH SCHOOL
Mountain View High School
(
MVHS)
is one of two comprehensive high schools in the Mountain View-
Los Altos Union High School District. MVHS serves a diverse student body of 2,196 students from
the cities of Mountain View, Los Altos and Los Altos Hills. Our student body is 35% Caucasian, 25%
Asian, 23% Latino, 11%
Multi-Ethnic 2%
African American and 4% other.* In the heart of the Silicon
Valley, our neighbors include technology giants Google, Intuit, Microsoft and NASA-Ames. As a
college-preparatory high school, MVHS responds to the community’s demand for rigor, relevance
and excellence by offering open access to all 35 Honors and Advanced Placement (
AP) courses
across the curriculum. The school earned the distinction of California Distinguished High School in
1994 and 2003. In 2007 and 2013, MVHS received a full 6-year accreditation from the Western
Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC). Newsweek ranks MVHS among the top 1% of high
schools nationwide.
*enrollment and demographic data as of 8/25/23
MVHS VISION STATEMENT
We at MVHS value an equitable and collaborative learning environment in which students and staff
respect the diversity of our society. We value the intellectual, emotional, and physical well-being of
our community. We are committed to empowering lifelong learners who can think critically, solve
problems creatively, and participate ethically at MVHS and in our greater democratic society.
THE CURRICULUM – ACA
D
EMIC PROGRA
M
Mountain View High School offers a rigorous college preparatory program with a wide selection of
honor and AP classes as well as special education and English language development classes. The
school operates on a modified block schedule with 50-minute class periods three days a week and
90-minute periods two days a week, plus a weekly Tutorial. We have an open access policy for
admission to Honors/AP classes.
https://mvhs.mvla.net/About-Us/About-Us/Our-School/index.html